how to build an ultra-engaged audience
that buys from you having followers and
visitors is useless if you can't get
them to buy from you
you have to cultivate your audience so
you can generate sales and revenue but
how do you do that well first you want
to build an email list you can use any
tool for that from mailchimp to
convertkit if you build an email list
you'll quickly learn it's your digital
atm in which every time that you send
out the email blast assuming you're
promoting a product that people can buy
or service
it will generate you more revenue
the best way you can collect emails is
through a landing page and sending
people from your social profiles to
there or even ads to a landing page or
you can use exit popups on your website
or content upgrades
second you can't just send out emails
selling to people all the time ninety
percent of your emails should be
educational and provide value roughly
ten percent of the time you should be
selling my ratio is less than ten 10
when it comes to selling
but yours could be higher but just stay
somewhere around there
if you're too aggressive on the selling
you won't have an engaged audience
you're not building a relationship with
them they won't buy as well and you're
going to burn them out
third engage with your audience you can
ask them questions or when they have a
question if you respond to them that
will help you build a more engaged
audience it takes some work but it's
still well worth it and don't expect a
response or two to make someone into a
loyal brand of address you need to spend
years and do this just really helping
people out to make them well
fourth avoid giving generic responses
people want personalized advice that
helps generic advice will turn people
away and will hurt converting your
followers into becoming loyal followers
lastly create video based content look
videos help convey emotions and it's
easier for people to connect with you
through video over text your videos can
be long form or even short reels i
generally create a few videos that are
at least five minutes long each and
every single week and i do a handful
that are less than a minute long you can
typically take the longer form videos
and repurpose them and cut them into
shorter videos and put them on tiktok
instagram reels or even youtube shorts
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching